README.md, before:

![colorsublime](http://colorsublime.com/img/ColorSublime_logo.png)

![gif](https://colorsublime.github.io/Colorsublime-Plugin/colorsublime.gif)

Change themes quickly and easily, right from Sublime Text.

Official [Colorsublime](http://colorsublime.com/) plugin and a Top 100 Sublime Text plugin.

Dedicated to [Kim](https://github.com/kimeberz) :heart:

Requirements
------------
* Sublime Text 3 (recent build)

Installing
----------
### With Package Control (recommended)
1. Install [Package Control](https://sublime.wbond.net/installation)
2. Run “Package Control: Install Package” command
3. Find and install the `Colorsublime` plugin.
4. Restart Sublime Text if there are issues.

### Manually
Clone the repository in your Sublime Text "Packages" directory:

    git clone https://github.com/Colorsublime/Colorsublime-Plugin.git

The "Packages" directory is located at:

* OS X: `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Packages/`

* Linux: `~/.config/sublime-text-3/Packages/`

* Windows: `%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 3\Packages\`

Usage
-----
1. Press `ctl+shift+p` (Windows/Linux) or `⇧+⌘+p` (OSX) to open up Sublime Text's command menu
2. Select `Colorsublime: Install Theme`
3. Use the arrow keys to run through the themes and see your current tab change in realtime!

Functions
---------
* Install: Installs/Previews themes from the Colorsublime repository.
* Browse: Takes you to Colorsublime.com

Windows Proxy Support
---------------------
In order to use a proxy in Windows set the environment variable `https_proxy` to `yourproxy.com:9999`.

Commit message:

Readme clarification: Themes vs. Color Schemes (#26)
* modified readme to reflect themes as color schemes

README.md, after:

![colorsublime](http://colorsublime.com/img/ColorSublime_logo.png)

![gif](https://colorsublime.github.io/Colorsublime-Plugin/colorsublime.gif)

Change themes** quickly and easily, right from Sublime Text.

Official [Colorsublime](http://colorsublime.com/) plugin and a Top 100 Sublime Text plugin.

Dedicated to [Kim](https://github.com/kimeberz) :heart:

** **Please note:** All references to "Theme" in our instructions actually refer to what are now called "Color Schemes". This means that you are changing the color scheme of your coding windows within Sublime Text, not the user interface of the entire Sublime Text editor.  

Requirements
------------
* Sublime Text 3 (recent build)

Installing
----------
### With Package Control (recommended)
1. Install [Package Control](https://sublime.wbond.net/installation)
2. Run “Package Control: Install Package” command
3. Find and install the `Colorsublime` plugin.
4. Restart Sublime Text if there are issues.

### Manually
Clone the repository in your Sublime Text "Packages" directory:

    git clone https://github.com/Colorsublime/Colorsublime-Plugin.git

The "Packages" directory is located at:

* OS X: `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Packages/`

* Linux: `~/.config/sublime-text-3/Packages/`

* Windows: `%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 3\Packages\`

Usage
-----
1. Press `ctl+shift+p` (Windows/Linux) or `⇧+⌘+p` (OSX) to open up Sublime Text's command menu
2. Select `Colorsublime: Install Theme`
3. Use the arrow keys to run through the themes ("color schemes") and see your current tab change in realtime!

Functions
---------
* Install: Installs/Previews themes ("color schemes") from the Colorsublime repository.
* Browse: Takes you to Colorsublime.com

Windows Proxy Support
---------------------
In order to use a proxy in Windows set the environment variable `https_proxy` to `yourproxy.com:9999`.
